okay google is having nano banana hackathon. im thinking of building a product for it. one that uses AI to help people create and build comic books page by page. square by square while keeping context. so essentially I want users to come to the app log in, have a fun cute well designed dashboard where they can begin creating a comic. when creatic the comic project, users can enter details like title, theme, enter in number of characters and character names and character bios and descriptions and character images, key settings and images of the key settings. another thing that should be added to project space is comic script of course. and other key fields i may be missing for a great comic book planning and scripting. but if a user has everything elses except script, we shoudl allo them to use AI to generate the script for them. once the project room is created and fully set up, users can then begin creating the comics page by page with AI. so they can start on page one, our pages will be templated designs, by that I mean, I want the app to have many templates of page layouts different comic page layouts, so the user cna pick a layout and then begin generating parts of the page piece by piece, with an AI helper and comic image generator built with nano banana. I have attached what I mean by page templates. 


as for comic page creation, the user has two options 1) the user can click a square, enter in the prompt for the image for that square, the image generator will take that prompt along with project details and script and details/data of last three comic pages, to generate a coherent, great fit image for the square using nano banana AI image generator of course.

2) option two, users can just one click and let AI generate images for the whole page. and then after that they can of course select each page piece and edit it individually through prompting AI. 

does this make sense? what do you think? as product specialist and architech specialists. what do you think and how do you think we should go about this? 